I'm already so obedient
What else do you want from me?
I don't want to give you up to others either
But no way
People give too much money hahaha
If it weren't for a character like you
I'm afraid I can't keep it
What do you want me to do?
Oh, nothing more.
Just going from one bed to another
After serving well, some are glorious and rich
Brother Fei, I don't want glory and wealth
Please, Brother Fei, no
It's useless for you to beg me now.
Get ready
If he's still alive
I arranged for you to be a shareholder of our company, Brother Fei
No.
Fei Ge said that he must be optimistic about you today
Be honest
Brother Hu, you've been busy all day
Are you hungry?
Have some fruit
Look at my thin arms and legs
How can I beat you?
One more. One more.
Come again. Come again.
Really asleep
This medicine works really well
Why didn't I think of this earlier?
Where are you going?